hello everybody this is Peter Beckenham
from Thai silk magic today we're looking
at silk scarves and not just Thai silk
scarves but actually square silk scarves
and we're going to show you some
creative ways to wear these particular
types of scarves so let's check it out
although it tastes of magic are total
focuses on handmade silk scarves they
can be both oblong and square the video
today is going to look at just square
scars it's going to show you how you can
be very creative and very impressive
with a very clever use of square
subscribes wear them with a flair and
actually you can even wear scarves as
clothes so without any further ado let's
look at two particular examples of how
you can use your square scarves to truly
impress everybody around you
[Music]
this is my favorite one the scarf purse
so let's say you need a bag and you want
to keep it fashionable especially at the
beach but you don't have one on hand
just use your scarf instead lay it down
so the back is on top and drop all your
items like your cellphone watch jewelry
and wallet onto the scarf grab both
opposite ends of the scarf and tie the
ends together
[Music]
make sure it's double knotted so they're
nice and secure
[Music]
then grab the other opposite end and
repeat the same step and make sure it's
double knotted too and there you go you
just created a beautiful scarf purse
surprisingly this purse can hold a lot
of stuff so don't be afraid to throw in
all your goodies it's perfect for a day
out on the beach or even on a picnic
believe it or not you can make your
clothes out of all your scarves take any
necklace that you have at home and make
sure it's sturdy
then take one end of the scarf and tie
it tightly and securely around the
necklace
[Music]
grab the bottom of the scarf and bring
it up to the length to where you want
your shirt to be afterwards take the
back ends of the scarf and double knot
the ends together tightly in securely
you want to make sure it's really tight
and secure or else you're going to have
an extremely embarrassing moment
make sure to tuck the ends of the scarf
all the way in and there you have it a
beautiful silk halter top this is a
perfect look for the beach especially to
wear over your swimsuit then you have it
so really clever ways to use squares or
scales we hope you enjoyed them don't
forget if you want to look at more ways
to to use your square subscribes then
just check the link that we've given to
you no doubt about it soups graphs are
the essential fashion accessory
so enjoy the use of them and thank you
for watching
[Music]